# Personality-Quiz-NEW
This program processes an input file of data for a personality test known as the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI). The goals of this program are to read a data file containing answers to the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator survey for multiple people, analyze the scores, and print summary results. The file will contain a series of line pairs, one per person. The first line will have the person’s name and the second line will have a series of 70 letters all in a row (all either "A", "a", "B", "b", or "-"). The program computes the scores for each of the four personality dimensions and the overall results for each person and then prints this information. The Keirsey test measures four independent dimensions of personality: Extrovert versus Introvert (E vs I): what energizes you; Sensation versus iNtuition (S vs N): what you focus on; Thinking versus Feeling (T vs F): how you interpret what you focus on; and Judging versus Perceiving (J vs P): how you approach life. Individuals are categorized as being on one side or the other of each of these dimensions. The corresponding letters are put together to form a personality type. The Keirsey test involves 70 questions answered by either A or B. The A answers correspond to extrovert, sensation, thinking, and judging (the left-hand dimensions in the list above). The B answers correspond to introvert, intuition, feeling, and perceiving (the right-hand dimensions in the list above). For each of these dimensions, the program calculates a number between 0 and 100 and indicates whether the person was closer to the A side or the B side. The number is computed by figuring out what percentage of B answers the user gave for that dimension (rounded to the nearest integer). For each person in the file, there name, the percentage of "B" responses they gave for each personality dimesnion, and there personality type are calculated and printed. If a person has a percentage of exactly 50 in one or more dimensions the letter “X” is used to indicate that the person is in the middle of that dimension. If a person skips all of the questions for a particular dimesnion (indicated with a "-"), the statement "NO ANSWERS" will be printed rather than a percantage of "B" answers and a "-" will be used for that dimesnion when printing the person's overall personality type.
